1)Why any user added using useradd command is not visible in home directory?
Ans.adduser is a friendlier frontend to useradd and will do things like create directories by default.
When we run it with only user name as an argument,we will be prompted to provide additional information such as password,whereas
in useradd we have to run a seperate command to do so.
We can use -m option with useradd to add it to home directory. 

2)When we create a user, some hidden files are generated in the directory of the same user at that time.How is it done?
Ans.We can list the hidden files by using ls -la command.

3)Make sub directories inside a parent directory by using single mkdir command.
Ans.$ mkdir -p A/B/C

4)Change the Umask value for any user permanently.
Ans.To make the changes permanently in global configuration file like /etc/profile which will all affect users or in user's shell configuartion files 
such as ~/ .profile, ~/ .bashrc,~/ .zshrc which will affect only the user.

5)Add a new user without using adduser & useradd command.
Ans.Add the entry for user in /etc/passwd file .
Add the entry for group in /etc/group file.
Create the home directory for the added user.
Set the new user password using new user command.

6)Can we change the Umask value to 0888.If yes,then how.If no then why?
Ans.No,because the maximum Umask value which we can set is 0777.
If we set it to 0888, the difference between the umask value and the default permission will turn out to be negative.

7)How to add a new user with a unique user id and checkout the unique id of that user.
Ans.$ sudo useradd -u 1345 username
$ id -u username.

8)How to change the group of any folder.
Ans.$ chgrp groupname foldername

8)a)After this checkout the group name of the files present in that folder.
Ans.To checkout the group name of the files present in that folder we should use -c option with chgrp command.

8)b)Try to change the group of the folder and the files present in the same folder using a single command.
Ans.$ chgrp groupname directoryname filenames
